ok my name is alan tudyk I play Lonnie
oh my god it's like Lonnie bra mr.
proper
top of the Chester
and some other guys with his friend and
then anybody who's an announcer the
principal principal gonna roll
and there's a couple of I get to play a
lot of person with david gordon green
his name attached to it because I'd like
pineapple express you
I was interested to see his version of
an animated show would be and I also
like the idea of playing the character
money is the first one that I the cast
me I kind of Hispanic and he's a stoner
live by the beach in a band and that's
not usually a role i'll get to play as
an actor you know on camera so gave it a
whack and they're like absolutely and
then once we did it once we started
doing them they were like you they just
throw me extra voices and start with one
or two and then they man I got to do so
many it's really great yeah and that's
that's that's unusual I've done a lot
I've done until the boys here and a
voice there a couple of voices on one
ice age and then a couple voices on
another ice age but there they tend to
be very brief little characters these
are great I get to keep doing them again
again oh you know another recurring
character
right all right with you christine has
played playing lantern having played
Superman like right what is it about
this fine fine ass DC seems to love you
guys so much yeah they're really cool
that I don't know they call us those are
those are great does a great job yes
they just call us and say do you want to
how much
yeah and I'm also on young justice right
now I'm green arrow I just recorded day
before yesterday so I'm doing that well
and then also other people different
different I'm a villain Simon creepy
weird guy what's a great thing about
playing
it's great i mean that is boys it's
another one where I'm like that's a role
I wouldn't get to play probably you know
that I would be it's just a great
opportunity to be a superhero that's
cool that's good you know it's the big
thing in Holly riding to be a big super
give this big superhero movies
and there's no yeah I could get past the
superhero all right and my career and so
I'm doing it an innovation oh my god
Thursday October runny 73 at ten-thirty
is goodbye this show should watch it
you